(mysterious music)
- Hey, Fran, it's me,  sorry,
slept through my alarm.
I'm slightly on the drag.
Feel free to park the car
and come on wait inside.
Remember to use the west
entrance. Sorry, east entrance.
(slow music)
- Hello?
(door slams)
Hello.
Christ on a bike.
- It's quite something,
isn't it?
- It really is something.
- Yeah, the V stands
for... vulnerability.
- Vagina
- The real me stripped back.
I am woman.
Here. Me. Roar.
- Your vulnerability is showing.
I got you some flowers.
- Wow.
The quality of petrol
station flowers these days.
You can hardly tell
the difference.
That's so thoughtful Fran.
No wonder Jamie
loves you so much.
Oh, I notice you're
wearing shoes.
- Oh, yes, I find they
protect my feet.
- My bad for not being here
to greet you and show
you our ways.
Guess slippers.
- Right.
Is Jamie around?  We
should probably get going.
- Fran, I want you
to feel welcome here.
Use the pool, the gym, the hot
tub, I have horses.
And there's a maze.
All great ways to decompress
after a long day.
- I like to keep
things compressed.
Gives me the edge for work.
Our doors always open
for friends and colleagues.
- Hello.
(laughter)
- Jamie, what have
you done to your hair?
- Swishy, Kat did it.
- It's good to change
things up a bit.
Out with the old
and in with the new.
Hey, Jamie, let's Kat
walk with a K.s
(awkward laughter)
- That's great.
- Should we go?
- I'd really like that.
(upbeat music)
- Indoor monogram
slippers made?
I bet she has a hot milky drink
on a silver salver before bed.
- Only on weekends,
I'll tell you what, Fran.
I feel like a movie star.
- Well, you look like one.
Lassie.
Sorry, it's the hair mate.
And the fleas.
Mate, I bring life
changing news.
- Oh god, you're not
getting blind, are you?
- No. You know that new client
who's giving us all those
great jobs?
- Mr. V
- Yeah, well, he's got some
international work and we're only in
the bloody running for it!
You know, we can be sent
anywhere in the world.
How cool is that?
- As long as it's somewhere
we can swim with turtles.
- I'm not sure how many hits
are needed in the Galapagos.
(loud knocking)
- Nearly forgot.
Lunch. Homemade!
[gasps]
Wow.
Oh.
It's picnic Ted.
- Kat hand makes these
teddies for kids in need.
- Is there nothing
you can't do?
- Oh, it's just a silly
something to keep an eye on you both.
Brain wave! Fran.
Why don't you come over
after work for film night?
I don't like to think of you
on your lonesome with only
your cats for company.
- I don't have any cats.
- Oh, sorry.
I just assumed you did.
- No, I always found cats
to be a bit... sneaky.
- So film night?
- Sure.
Yeah.
Why not?
Bye bye.
(motor starts)
(rock music)
- Jamie. I've been
waiting for you for.
- Ms. Bole asked me to
look after Fran today. Sorry Kat.
(school bell rings)
(upbeat rock music)
- Kat is a hecking good cook,
there's probably one for you.
Well, you can share mine.
- Don't worry, not really into
personalised baked goods.
Any side of the target?
- Not yet.
Got to say this Mr. V
is coming through
with some cracking jobs.
You all right with
that thing mate?
- Just a bit, yeah,
I watched a lot
of tutorials on YouTube and I
think now I'm pretty expert.
- Shit.
So what happened there?
That's probably quite a long
story to explain to a novice.
A technical issue.
Very, very specialised.
- He's very security
conscious, this guy.
What wouldn't you be? He's an
international arms dealer.
He's got half the worlds
assassins after him.
- As far as snackage goes,
we're firing on all
cylinders in our hamper.
Oh, word of warning.
Kat does like to go a little
bit heavy on the chilies
in the salsa.
And you know what
my insides are like?
Oh, great.
We're working with a weapon of
ass destruction all afternoon.
- Can I have a
go of the gun, mate?
No, I don't think so.
It's a very, very
specialised piece of kit.
And ultimately it
needs to be handled.
(gunshot)
That's exactly why I do not
need the likes for you
distracting me when
I'm hard at work, okay?
Stick to your binoculars.
Alright, stroopy pants.
Ah, okay, right.
One across, one down
from the target's apartment.
There's a couple of real
old puffins there.
- Oh yeah,
I can see them. That's basically
us in 30 years time, mate.
- Oh me piles are
giving me a havoc.
I feel like I'm sitting on a
pillow case full of marbles.
- Oh, I know.
I mean lugging bodies around,
then I've ruined the
the ruddy rectum.
Go on, pass the butter
and I'll get the spatula.
- Just so you know, yours is
the only bum I'd butter.
- Snaps.
Oh, Fran, check out the place
next to the target.
- God, it looks well dodge.
- They're probably
just decorating.
- I don't know,
Fran.
- Oh, hang on.
Target's back mate.
Look lively.
(locks door)
(exhales)
- Here we go.
Oh god, he's wearing a bullet
proof vest. Okay, rethink.
I guess it'll have
to be a head shot.
Oh, God.
- How don't care how many
people I killed. I pulled it off.
(laughs)
- What are you going
to do with your cut
you fucking animal!
School fees, no, sure.
Well, I mean it's an investment
in his future, isn't it?
Listen we lay low, yeah?
This deal's stirred
up a lot of bad blood.
Look over your shoulder.
(intense music)
- Okay, I've got
him in my sights.
- Right, Fran, take your time.
Breathe in, breathe out. In. Out.
- I do know how to breathe.
What do you think I've been
doing all the time?
Photosynthesising?
Come on, mate. Fuck, he's
edgy. Give me a chance.
- I'll tell you what Fran, just
forget the YouTube tutorial.
Just take a pop at him.
- We can't just "take a pop at him".
What if I miss or
someone else gets him?
We basically kiss goodbye
to any chance of working
with our biggest clients.
Trust me, this is about
timing.
Oh, buggering bollocks,
he sat down.
He's watching
an unboxing video?
What's wrong with people?
- It's a very
sick world, Fran.
You weren't lying
about that salsa.
Cause that's making
my eyes water.
Oh.
Kats stoked about tonight.
She's sending through
film suggestions.
- Great.
I bet they all bullshit
romcoms like "The Sisterhood
of the Traveling Pants".
- She actually really
likes world cinema.
- Oh my God.
That'll be us for two
and a half hours watching
a German subtitled film
about a boy who falls in love
with his fencing instructor.
- Oh, that sounds good.
She'd like that.
Fran, are you all
right with me
living with Kat?
You know, it's just temporary.
- It's actually cool.
- I really think
that woman next
door to the target might be
about to do something awful.
- Not our problem,
mate.
Keep our eyes on
the prize, yeah?
- Yeah, but the target's
been sitting in that chair
for the last one and a half Titanic's.
- You really,
really have to stop using
the film Titanic as
a unit of time.
- Right though, he does look slumped down.
- Why don't you go
over there. Flat D.
Just knock on the door, see if
you can get him out the chair.
- Fine. I'll go
(dramatic music)
- Come on, come on.
- Our flatty.
(screaming)
- That is good.
- My gun?
(screams)
(dramatic music)
- What she doing?
Un-fucking-believable.
(phone rings)
Fran, hi. I'm just in
the lift, big bong.
You've reached
the fifth floor madam.
- Firstly, how does the lift
know that you're a woman.
And secondly, I saw you
in the neighbour's flat.
What are you doing?
- Fran, I heard screaming.
I couldn't just ignore it.
You saw that weird
woman in the mask.
Hello?
- Yeah, come on.
- Fran?
- Help!
Help!
- Come to Mama.
Just hold still.
Bollocks!
- You see how easy
it is to wash this?
It's only three parts.
That's why I love
this machine.
(intense music)
Shit.
(gunshots)
(grunting)
(upbeat rock music)
(grunts)
- Oh, oh.
- Oh hey, help.
Help.
Oh.
(upbeat rock music)
- What the fuck do you want?
- I just heard screaming
and I wanted to check if
everyone was okay.
- Oh him? Oh, no he's fine.
Really?
- Yeah.
Sensory deprivation
BDSM.
- He's got a boner on, look.
- Please. I'm helpless.
- So you're not torturing him?
- No.
- Well, yeah, but in a good way,
this is made of rubber, look.
- That is a weight
off my mind.
I'll just get out
of your hair.
You broke into my flat
wearing a balaclava.
You really expect me
to believe you're just
a concerned citizen?
I'm calling the police.
- Actually, no, no, seriously,
I can't allow you to call
the police because Fran
would be seriously cheesed off.
Who the fuck is Fran?
(rock music)
- Tickle me like my mother.
(upbeat rock music)
(grunting)
(glass breaking)
- Please.
I need more.
I've been a naughty boy.
I'm a worthless little slug!
- My eyes.
Who do you work for?
- What, do you think you're
the only one who wants
the money on this
guy's head? Fuck you!
That's who I work for.
That has got a kick.
Tell me about it. What is an
Aussie doing in our patch?
- I work internationally.
- Oh, how do you find
the travel with that?
- Sure, it messes with your
sleep patterns, but it's all good.
- How do you avoid the
variable exchange rate?
- Bitcoin.
- Of course, it's cheaper.
The only reason I ask is,
I'm about to go international.
(laughs)
- You?
International?
(laughs)
You're an old woman.
(gunshot)
(gunshots)
- Who just shot
your face off.
(grunting)
(phone rings)
- Fran?
- Why are you
panting like a dog?
- It's fine, just a
misunderstanding.
- Who's that?
- It's complicated.
Alright, good news.
The neighbour isn't
a murdering. Bad news,
she now wants to call
the police on me.
- Just use your gun and
threaten her.
- I think my gun
might be with you.
It was digging into my tummy
when I was lying on my front.
- Great. Well, listen,
just hurry up, right?
There are other snipers
after this guy.
I just had to deal
with one of them.
- Are you okay?
Shit.
- This one isn't made
of rubber, bitch.
- Help.
- Not now, Michael!
(grunting)
- Jamie? Jamie?
Jamie!
Are you okay over there?
I told you to lay low. Do not
come here you knob, you're on your own!
(grunting)
(heavy breathing)
- Jamie, what
the fuck was that?
- Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!
- Ok Fran, you're not
gonna believe this.
I judo threw her through
a table and she's out cold.
- I've always said it mate.
You're basically John Wick
in a sports bra.
(phone beeping)
- Oh, it's, ah, Kat calling,
I'm going to pop you on hold
just in case something urgent.
What could be more urgent?
Don't you put me on hold.
- I'm on hold.
(dramatic music)
- Fran?
- Thank god for that.
Okay, we've got Kat in a
three way conversation.
I've merged the calls.
- Sorry, what?
- Have you decided
on the film yet, Fran?
- Hi, Kat.
No, I haven't, actually,
because we're at work
and Jamie is about to have
a face to face with a client
right now.
- Kat, I'm hanging up.
I'm gonna call
you back, right?
Fran, do I have time
to get out of here?
- No, he's coming.
Just hide.
-  I try to take him out
before he gets to you?
(intense music)
- Jamie,
I can't get the shot.
- So what am I going to do?
You can have to sneak
into his flat and got a gun and
just finish the job yourself.
- Okay, sure.
So we sneak into a
heavily armed
guy's apartment
and steal a gun.
Easy fucking peasy.
- Well, it would be easy fucking
peasy if you'd actually
remembered your gun, instead of drooling
over Kats miniature sandwiches.
Have you got a problem with me
drooling over Kat's miniature
sandwiches when she's
been nothing but good
to me at a time I
needed it the most?
- Are we still talking about
the miniature sandwiches?
(dramatic music)
- Please.
If I feel any more worthless.
I'm going to burst
through my underpants.
(intense music)
- Okay, now you've got a gun.
Well done.
Oh, come on.
How am I supposed to reload
that from over here?
(intense music)
- I've got ya.
Fuck.
(intense music)
- Okay, here we go.
Stop moving.
Get up.
- Okay,
where are you?
There you are.
I see what you're doing,
bring him to me.
- Who sent you?
- Ahhh... Deliveroo?
- Just stand still.
(intense music)
- Here we go.
(gunshot)
- What the fuck!
- Fuck!
- Who the fuck are you?
- Okay, I got you.
Right... between... the eyes.
Oh.
- Nice one Fran,
you got him right
between the eyes.
- Well, you know me,
I'm a natural, but as
long as you're all right.
- Cheers, mate.
- I mean, the crossfire
nearly threw me
off, I won't lie.
It was tough conditions.
But when you are a natural
marksman like me, you find
that you can adapt to any...
(gunshot)
Sorry.
(techno music plays
in the distance)
Listen, Caroline, I'm a pathetic
little worm and everything.
But I've got a client
dinner tonight.
Can we move this along a bit?
Caroline?
(car engine)
(car door closing)
- I feel a bit like
Tom Cruise in Top Gun.
- Short and religious?
- High and excited.
We did it.
- We did. We
bloody well did.
Listen, I'm sorry
if I was stressy.
I really want this
Mr. V thing to work out.
- Yeah, I know.
Me too.
Oh, now, right
shoes for Kat's driveway.
I'm thinking
a monogram Croc.
- Not a Croc on the driveway.
The gravel will travel
through the holes.
Gravel can travel.
- Hang on.
Oh, it's from Kat.
She's feeling a bit off colour.
I'm gonna have to cancel.
Just wants to do
a housemate thing.
I'm really sorry
mate.
- No, don't be silly.
- I can come to yours.
No, listen, I'm gonna share
a bottle of wine with all
of my non-existence cats.
- You sure?
- I'm sure.
- Sure, sure?
- You bet ya.
- See you tomorrow.
- Bye!
- Bye.
(slow sad music)
(slow music)
(upbeat music)
♪ When your best friend's
all strung out ♪
♪ You do everything you can ♪
♪ Cause you're never
gonna let it get 'em down ♪
♪ When you find it all around ♪
♪ Yeah, it comes in waves but
it's hardest from the start ♪
♪ Feelings sleeping,
in the field again ♪
♪ But, I can feel, I can feel, I
can feel, it's beginning to end
♪